Spark proposal - [Ethereum, X Layer] Spark Savings, Spark Liquidity Layer - Deploy spUSDT, Enable USDT Bridging to X Layer (#276)
makerdao/next-gen-atlas: content/A/6/1/1/1/2/6/1/2/1/1/1/2/7/2/document.md

---
id: 13fcfb0e-3628-4dd1-9823-cdc99b478d97
docNo: A.6.1.1.1.2.6.1.2.1.1.1.2.7.2
name: ALM Controller (ForeignController Robinhood Chain) Contract Version
type: Core
depth: 15
childType: sections_and_primary_docs
---

###### A.6.1.1.1.2.6.1.2.1.1.1.2.7.2 - ALM Controller (ForeignController Robinhood Chain) Contract Version [Core]

> The ALM_CONTROLLER (ForeignController) contract version is: `TBD`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ALM_CONTROLLER (ForeignController) contract version is: 1.10.0
```
